README.md, before:

**[Installation](#installation)** |
**[License](#license)** |
**[Team](#team)** |
**[Getting help](#getting-help)** |

# JupyterLab Commenting and Annotation
[![Stability Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-experimental-red.svg)](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-experimental-red.svg)


## Prerequisites

* JupyterLab

## Installation

```bash
jupyter labextension install jupyterlab-commenting
```

## Development

For a development install (requires npm version 4 or later), do the following in the repository directory:

```bash
npm install
npm run build
jupyter labextension link .
```

To rebuild the package and the JupyterLab app:

```bash
npm run build
jupyter lab build
```

### Contributing

To contribute to the project, please read the [contributor documentation](CONTRIBUTING.md).

JupyterLab Commenting and Annotation follows the Jupyter [Community Guides](https://jupyter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/community/content-community.html).


### License

JupyterLab Commenting and Annotation uses a shared copyright model that enables all contributors to maintain the
copyright on their contributions. All code is licensed under the terms of the revised [BSD license](LICENSE).

### Team

JupyterLab Commenting Extension is part of [Project Jupyter](http://jupyter.org/) and is developed by an open community.

Current maintainers of this project are listed in alphabetical order, with affiliation, and main areas of contribution:

- Brian Granger, Cal Poly (co-creator, strategy, vision, management, UI/UX design,
  architecture).
- Igor Derke, Quansight (general development, extensions)
- Ivan Ogasawara, Quansight (general development, extensions)
- Jacob Houssian, Quansight (general development, extensions)
- Katherine Oliphant, Quansight (general development, extensions)
- Ryan Henning, Quansight (management)
- Saul Shanabrook, Quansight (general development, extensions)
- Tim George, Cal Poly (UI/UX design, strategy, management, user needs analysis)

---

## Getting help

We encourage you to ask questions on the [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jupyter),
and participate in development discussions or get live help on [Gitter](https://gitter.im/jupyterlab/jupyterlab). Please use the [issues page](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues) to provide feedback or submit a bug report.

Commit message:

Develop against master instructions
This adds instructions for developing against the master branch of jupyterlab.

We need to do this to depend on the latest React integration.

README.md, after:

**[Installation](#installation)** |
**[License](#license)** |
**[Team](#team)** |
**[Getting help](#getting-help)** |

# JupyterLab Commenting and Annotation
[![Stability Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-experimental-red.svg)](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-experimental-red.svg)


## Prerequisites

* JupyterLab

## Installation

```bash
jupyter labextension install jupyterlab-commenting
```

## Development

For a development install (requires npm version 4 or later), do the following in the repository directory:

```bash
npm install
npm run build
jupyter labextension link .
```

To rebuild the package and the JupyterLab app:

```bash
npm run build
jupyter lab build
```

### JupyterLab master
To develop against an unreleased version of `JupyterLab` requires that you add this extension
as a package inside the `jupyterlab` repo:

```bash
conda create -n jupyterlab-commenting -c conda-forge notebook
git clone git@github.com:jupyterlab/jupyterlab.git jupyterlab-commenting
cd jupyterlab-commenting
conda activate jupyterlab-commenting
pip install -e .
jlpm run add:sibling git@github.com:jupyterlab/jupyterlab-commenting.git
jlpm run build
```

Edit the files in the package in `./package/jupterlab-commenting` and run `jupyter lab --watch --dev` in the 
top level directory to run JupyterLab with this package enabled.

### Contributing

To contribute to the project, please read the [contributor documentation](CONTRIBUTING.md).

JupyterLab Commenting and Annotation follows the Jupyter [Community Guides](https://jupyter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/community/content-community.html).


### License

JupyterLab Commenting and Annotation uses a shared copyright model that enables all contributors to maintain the
copyright on their contributions. All code is licensed under the terms of the revised [BSD license](LICENSE).

### Team

JupyterLab Commenting Extension is part of [Project Jupyter](http://jupyter.org/) and is developed by an open community.

Current maintainers of this project are listed in alphabetical order, with affiliation, and main areas of contribution:

- Brian Granger, Cal Poly (co-creator, strategy, vision, management, UI/UX design,
  architecture).
- Igor Derke, Quansight (general development, extensions)
- Ivan Ogasawara, Quansight (general development, extensions)
- Jacob Houssian, Quansight (general development, extensions)
- Katherine Oliphant, Quansight (general development, extensions)
- Ryan Henning, Quansight (management)
- Saul Shanabrook, Quansight (general development, extensions)
- Tim George, Cal Poly (UI/UX design, strategy, management, user needs analysis)

---

## Getting help

We encourage you to ask questions on the [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jupyter),
and participate in development discussions or get live help on [Gitter](https://gitter.im/jupyterlab/jupyterlab). Please use the [issues page](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues) to provide feedback or submit a bug report.
